hi guys today I between squad builder
Liga BBVA which will cost you around 70
to 80 k depending on how you go about
buying the planes first off in that we
have courtois he will cost you around 4k
is amazing goal everything about him is
great except for me speed when coming
out to mix of all that it is only
downside in the right back position when
we have one front he is priced out on
two to 3k and he's worth the money that
you're going to pay for that you'll have
to pay for him his main factor is is
defending as well as his piece Richard
83 in each you want the rest like his
shot is only 85 which is only downside
the first time the but we have is
Miranda who currently is priced at 3k
he's a great defender he is heading and
his pace are outstanding for the price
of a frame which is around 3k they tied
to set in the narrow and the run is my /
centre-back whose only price at 2k at
the overall reign of 81 he's such a
promising young defender he is the
better of the two defender vendors
actual thing they're there to do which
is defend so in the left back position
with Jordi Alba you will cost you around
12 k his prices currently dropped to
about 11 10k in my eyes the best
left-back in the league bb-8 he's got so
much that attributes then that my fellow
then his ministry which turns out is 92
page which is more than enough for a
left back when you try to power down the
left wing is 82 dribbling as well
combined with that pays is just
unstoppable in the CDM position me of
the time the song the old Arsenal boy it
will crush around 2k and it's great at
doing the johnny is there to do which is
defend and protect the two centre-backs
is defending that review is 83 which i
think is bad and buffs in a bus bucks
which is pretty poor
in the center bucks point of view in the
in the right mid position we have cars
fella who's currently pressed up three
cake his practice quantum is commonly
call it up and down all the time so be
quick to buy him his best attributes
would be his pace and dribbling that's
what you need in your tripod on the
right hand room Brian side and which
both stand up 86 and yeah both 86 his
shot on the other hand is only 70 60 you
not guaranteed that many goals although
in the last game I played when I think
he scored two goals which is me the most
out of all the tea in one game and the
left knee position we have dad via it
was kind of the price that 10k and this
to be honest you can't ask for much more
all those pages and the best his
dribbling pays off when you quite inside
unleash the unbelievable finesse shot
that he has you seriously cannot
complain and then attacking mid roll
position we have the new boy at Real
Madrid which is disco he is currently
priced around 20k and he has great stats
his pace is 80 and he's passing his 81
so he be able to get loads of assists
often but to make it even better he has
88 riblon which makes it impossible him
to be tackled by most offenders you come
up against first raipur will have is
Ruben cash robbers only tristar on seven
hundred coins which is extremely cheap
for a player of his quality and sorry
again his peers and dribbling another
outstanding when used together to create
space from the ship or even to lay off a
shot for the next tracker which is Diego
Costa who is currently priced at
eighteen thousand coins after a recent
performances in the liga BBVA against
Real Madrid and other teams you can't go
wrong with him as he has the bet pays to
be defenders and even though his shot is
only 78 he still manages to score in
every game he has played for me
for there we have it the leader BBVA to
not question around 70 to 80 k changes
can be made like on the right mid with
federal news currently price to have up
12 k and look front instead of Ruben
Castro you you could go and grab
yourself Korean Benzema you'll fit into
the squad perfectly as there is a real
madrid player and so attacking mid roll
it was currently priced at 30k but
because most people don't have that many
coins icon with ruben castro to make it
more reasonable thank you for watching
please don't forget to stop